---
layout: post
title:  "Year In Review: 2016"
url: "/year-in-review-2016"
date:   2017-01-09 12:00:00
categories: self
---

2016 was a big set up year for me. 

I worked on starting a side business selling design services and got ready to take on some clients. I *only just* finished everything by the end of the year – and I really had to stretch myself to get it done. But I'm happy to note that I'll be taking clients in 2017.

Here's a quick list of what I did: 

* Switched departments at work, from Software Development to Marketing
* Changed job titles, from Front-end Developer to User Experience Designer
* Went to Web Design Day in Pittsburgh, a great conference
* Registered my business
* Completed my business plan
* Launched my website
* Landed my first client
* Almost bought a house

## Notes  

At work I changed my job title to User Experience designer allowing me to focus more fully on research, strategy, analytics, and A/B testing.

Starting a side business while working full-time has been a challenge. More often than not I'm working early in the morning, at night, and on weekends. But I'm committed to making it work and I don't plan on keeping these hours forever.

I also spent a lot of time creating processes and workflows to make client work more efficient. I'm already a process driven person, but these will help while I balance working a day job with managing a side business.  

Looking forward to 2017, I'll launch a couple of projects that allow me to do more public design work. I can't say much now, but most of them will be announced and then written about here in the next couple of months.


